today we're going to be taking a look at
the GoPro Joss flex clamp mount for all
models of the GoPro action sports
cameras and also the new Hero 3 plus
part number a CMP M - zero zero one the
GoPro flex clamp can be mounted to
pretty much anything from a quarter of
an inch all the way up to two inches
using a simple quick-release style clamp
it has this ratcheting strap on the
inside of it
pull it tight around an object here and
then you would just pull this ratcheting
strap tight and it would press up
against these two pads here you're
creating a really nice and snug hold now
the teeth right here of the clamp do
pivot to give you a nice solid grip so
instead of it being rigid like wires or
some other clamps it will clamp flush ly
against different things that you're
gonna be securing it to the Flex arm
itself can quickly be released and
removed by pinching these two tabs
together and then simply just pulling
this off with this removed this will
allow for more of the low-profile angle
you could take the GoPro camera this is
the new GoPro HD 3 plus Black Edition
this GoPro can be mounted directly to
the clamp here simply quickly slides
right into those grooves just to change
angles and simply slid off and this can
be back on the Flex part of the mount
can not only be moved in any direction
but can also be twisted which gives you
pretty much the ability to move and
maneuver this in any position at any
angle possible
the first application we'll show you is
just by using the Flex mount itself so
again we'll use the quick snap off
release we got a helmet here which this
sticky mount does come with the actual
GoPro we'll slide this in place here it
snap in so the GoPro here we can use it
to see the scenery that you know we're
looking at or you can turn it around to
see reaction shots pretty much any angle
along the helmet to give you a full 360
view so now we have a mountain bike here
that we're going ahead and clamp flex
mount directly to the handlebars of our
bike and we'll be
to spin this around get the GoPro facing
forward and then we'll just tighten down
that ratcheting strap and again that's
just gonna make sure it creates a really
really nice hold nice and snug
so then what we can do is this Sena I'll
adjust this to be able to see pretty
much any view and we're looking at also
to get some reaction shots while you're
going downhill you can turn the GoPro to
face yourself or for a more low profile
shot and actually mount the GoPro
directly to the clamp so basically with
the GoPro flex mount you can clamp it to
anything with the diamond are up to two
inches or to any flat curved surface
that you can put the clamp around
and with that that will complete today's
review of the GoPro jaws flex clamp
mount for all models of the GoPro part
number ampc2